Release 2.6 (#172)
nf-core/sarek: docs/usage.md

params {
  genomes {
    'GRCh38' {
      ac_loci                  = '<path to the acLoci file>'

>       ac_lociGC                = '<path to the acLociGC file>'

Author: ```suggestion
      ac_loci_gc               = '<path to the acLociGC file>'
```

Reviewer: ahh I missed this one

--intervals '[path to the intervals file]'
```

### --known_indels

If you prefer, you can specify the full path to your reference genome when you run the pipeline:

```bash
--known_indels '[path to the knownIndels file]'
```

### --knownIndels

> :warning: This params has been removed.
> Please check: [`--known_indels`](#--known_indels)

### --known_indels_index

If you prefer, you can specify the full path to your reference genome when you run the pipeline:

```bash
--known_indels_index '[path to the knownIndels index]'
```

### --knownIndelsIndex

> :warning: This params has been removed.
> Please check: [`--known_indels_index`](#--known_indels_index)

> ### --pon

Reviewer: It might need to be fixed here, that I saw in `main.nf` that now it still filters the variants, even if there is no PON (see comment there)

Author: Oh I see, and yes indeed, we added that back.

> When a panel of normals [PON](https://gatkforums.broadinstitute.org/gatk/discussion/24057/how-to-call-somatic-mutations-using-gatk4-mutect2#latest) is defined, you will get filtered somatic calls as a result.

Author: ```suggestion
When a panel of normals [PON](https://gatkforums.broadinstitute.org/gatk/discussion/24057/how-to-call-somatic-mutations-using-gatk4-mutect2#latest) is defined, you will get better filtered somatic calls as a result.
```

Author: What do you think about that phrase?

Reviewer: Sounds good! How do you want me to deal with your changes? Commit suggestion directly? Or how can I do it so it's easiest for you?

Author: Yes, commit suggestion directly is good with me
